# Liver-Cancer-Prediction-using-Machine-Learning-and-python
One of the most complex internal biological structures in the human body is liver .Upper right hand part of the abdomen is located by the liver which is reddish brown in colour and measures eight and half inches . Liver is wedge shaped gland normally weighs 1440grams to 1660 grams. Liver is divided into Left lobe and right lobe and filters 1.5L of blood per minute approximately.Liver cancer is the most dangerous cancer among variety of cancer. Due to this every third living is cause of death and which is nearly a sixth most common cancer in the world. Liver cancer is also known by the name hepatic cancer and most of the liver cancer is common to Hepatic cellular carcinoma (HCC). Liver cancer is the uncontrolled growing of tissue within the liver. Tumours are of two types such as non-cancerous cells (benign) and cancerous cells (malignant). There are 12000 deaths per year in world due to liver cancer. To avoid this, problem need to be analysed in earlier stages because earlier detection can help doctors to save lives and does not make very much complication on the human health. There are various techniques to acquire the image of liver from the patients those are Computed Tomography (CT), Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) and Ultra Sounds but CT image is represented as accurate liver cancer diagnosis imaging modularity.With this in mind, ML algorithm has been used in many studies to predict the therapeutic outcome of HCC patients. Thus, in this review, the advantages and disadvantages of each ML algorithm are clarified, and relevant literature on the prediction of therapeutic outcomes after various treatment modalities for HCC is described.
